Prime minister will tomorrow come back.
The shop owner still keeps his word.
His daughter President Ayako backfists with a bare hand and bites by his teeth.
Drunk from the bubble, he toasted for a long time...
So I'm not going to be useful.
I don't know what to say.
I've been trying to live on this island for the rest of my life.
But I can't.
If I can't, what can I do?
H
Though rejected in a carefree manner,
They blocked the way for transgression.
Blank education
A desperate tear
To fathom none
me who sounds as if I while lying,
look at this campaigns
the light is so sad
Enough.
Long
and the given basis
are the same year.
Why don't you come
and play
the piano?
Yeah.
That counts.
Very well.
Till death do us apart
O Disaster of Speaking